this tree has a heart and the root of
the tree turns out to be an old woman
she's been buried here for more than 10
years this old woman has a big secret
it is raining hard that day and this
woman is about to feed the monstrous old
woman she is vinneak's great grandmother
chained up in a separate room
vineyard and his younger brother satisha
decides to feed their great-grandmother
by their own
they've never entered this room before
viniak orders satisha to enter the room
luckily their mom appears in time and
scolds at the kids
because they may be eaten by the great
grandmother their mom enters the room
and uses a special knife to cut her
nails
the whole family always takes good care
of her because she knows how to find the
treasure
the day their dad passes away so the
mother proposes leaving tumbi for pune
however satasha has an accident he gets
badly hurt
after falling from a tree forcing his
mother to take him for help
she tells vinayak he will have to feed
his grandmother that night
she also warns him that if the old woman
wakes up
he should say the name haster to make
her sleep haster is the son of goddess
of prosperity
it's time for the old woman to eat as
vinayak tries to feed her
the monstrous and hungry old woman
attacks and shackles him to eat him
luckily he eventually remembers hester's
name
and uses it to make her fall asleep
meanwhile sadashiv dies on the way to
the doctor
so his mother returns and the next day
she and vinayak leave tumbit for pune
she forces vinayak to promise never
return to tumbid
14 years past and vinayak grows up
desperate to escape his life of poverty
vinayak returns to tumbid he enters the
separate room
where the old woman used to live he
thinks she has died
however the old woman with now a tree
growing out of her body
but warns him he will be cursed to turn
into a monster like her
if he touches the treasure the old woman
wants to end her prolonged suffering so
she tells him tells about the goddess of
prosperity she is the symbol of
unlimited gold
and the earth is her womb there is a
will leads to the goddess's womb where
haster dwells
finally vineyard finds the treasure it
is the goddess's gold
he offers his first gold coin to the
opia merchant raga
to pay off a debt from then he leads a
rich happy life
one day he gets 16 gold coins but ryder
doesn't have enough money to pay him
raga follows vinayak to the tambid
mansion
however vinayak has discovered that so
he tricks raghav into descending into
hastur's well
vinayak gets out of the well and there
are some gold coins in his hands
seeing that ragged immediately descends
into the well he then finds out a box
but there's no gold coin inside it there
is another well
they're only wriggling walls all around
he then discovers an iron box and
there's a doe doll inside
after he hears a strange noise pastor
has appeared
and viciously attacks raga turning him
into a monster
and mutating him into the walls of the
womb
at this time vinayak arrives he
deliberately puts the doe doll inside
the box
it turns out that haster has been hungry
for years he desires flour
so he makes dolls out of dough to lure
haster inside the goddess's womb
while he is distracted by the food
vinayak swipes at haster's loincloth
containing the gold
then he climbs up a long rope before
haster finishes eating
vineyard regularly repeats the procedure
to steal dropped coins
after that he gets married to a pretty
woman 14 years later
vinayak is weak and unable to climb up
and down so he decides to take pandering
his son to the mansion to train him for
the same purpose one day
pajarang reveals he has already
collected 19 gold coins
so vinayak lets him descend the well at
first
they have to make dough dolls so that
haster will appear
vanaya tells his son not to bring the
dodo down
he just wants his son to familiarize
with the environment
pangerang is a bit frightened in fact he
secretly brings a dodo and haster
unexpectedly
attacks viniak arrives in time and
rescues him
panjarang still tries to steal dropped
coins
getting out the well he gives these gold
coins to vinaya but vineyard hides him
for nearly getting them touched
therefore
vineyard doesn't allow his son to come
near the well he shows pangerang the
gold coins he has
they can lead a rich life with these
coins but pangerang suggests stealing
hastur's loincloth by making dozens of
dough dolls to distract haster
that night they make dozens of doe dolls
however
thing is not like they thought when
vinayak takes out two dolls
two hasters appear then the two of them
become trapped inside the womb
with no hope of escaping vineyard ties
the dolls to his body to
act as bait once the coast is clear
pangerang climbs back to the surface to
see his father being mutated into a
monster outside the well
viniak presents him with fellow cloth
that he stole from haster
but panjarang refuses to take it sobbing
at seeing what his father turned into
pandering reluctantly sets viniak on
fire and leaves
like share and subscribe my page if you
like this video
you